add networks section (#52)
FuelLabs/fuel-docs: src/networks/beta-1.md

📃 GraphQL endpoint - The Fuel Core node uses GraphQL instead of JSON RPC. A playground for the public GraphQL endpoint for beta-1 is available at [https://node-beta-1.fuel.network/playground](https://node-beta-1.fuel.network/playground).

🔍 Block explorer - A block explorer (still heavily in development) is available at [https://fuellabs.github.io/block-explorer-v2](https://fuellabs.github.io/block-explorer-v2).

Join the [Fuel Labs Discord](https://discord.com/invite/fuelnetwork) and head to the 🧪︱testnet-beta-1 channel to get support from our team. 

## Toolchain Configuration

To configure the optimal toolchain for `beta-1`, run the following command: `fuelup toolchain install beta-1.` Make sure you have `fuelup` installed on your system.

This installs the following components:
- forc 0.26.0
- forc-wallet 0.1.2
- fuel-core 0.10.1

To create a custom toolchain with the same set of versions run the following commands:

```console
$ fuelup toolchain new beta-1-custom-toolchain
$ fuelup component add forc@0.26.0
$ fuelup component add forc-wallet@0.1.2
$ fuelup component add fuel-core@0.10.1

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe we should add something to indicate this is not necessary and only needs to be done if they want to play around with versions etc. or have very specific reasoning to do this as `fuelup toolchain install beta-1` installs exactly the same set of versions and this step is not needed to deploy to `beta-1`

Author: I'll clarify this!

Reviewer 2: Yes! `beta-1` was only very recently added in this PR https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuelup/pull/262 and the published toolchain index is [here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuelup/blob/gh-pages/channel-fuel-beta-1.toml), we should prefer this over adding everything manually.

Unpacking and moving forc-fmt to /Users/sarah/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin/bin
Fetching core forc dependencies
Installed forc v0.26.0 for toolchain 'beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin'

Adding component forc-wallet v0.1.2 to 'beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin'
Fetching binary from https://github.com/FuelLabs/forc-wallet/releases/download/v0.1.2/forc-wallet-0.1.2-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz
Unpacking and moving forc-wallet to /Users/sarah/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin/bin
Installed forc-wallet v0.1.2 for toolchain 'beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin'

Adding component fuel-core v0.10.1 to 'beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin'
Fetching binary from https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/releases/download/v0.10.1/fuel-core-0.10.1-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz
Unpacking and moving fuel-core to /Users/sarah/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin/bin
Installed fuel-core v0.10.1 for toolchain 'beta-1-aarch64-apple-darwin'

Installed:
- forc 0.26.0
- forc-wallet 0.1.2
- fuel-core 0.10.1

The Fuel toolchain is installed and up to date
```

This installs the following components:

- forc 0.26.0
- forc-wallet 0.1.2
- fuel-core 0.10.1

> If you wanted to create a custom toolchain with the same set of versions that get installed when you install the `beta-1 toolchain` you could do that manually. This is not recommended, as you can get this toolchain out of the box. To create a custom toolchain with the same versioning as the `beta-1` toolchain, run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: Hmm I think the motivation of the message here should be to create a custom toolchain only if

1) users run into problems trying to do `fuelup toolchain install beta-1`, or
2) users want to experiment picking and choosing certain versions of a single component in the toolchain

```suggestion
If you run into issues with the command above, you may create a custom toolchain with the same set of versions that gets installed. You may also want to do this if you want to experiment with different versions of a certain component.
```

I think the phrasing of the initial sentence `If you wanted to create a custom toolchain...` might unintentionally lead people to think that this is an alternative to `fuelup toolchain install beta-1`, when it is meant to be a backup!

Author: yess, I actually just removed this section for now. I'll add it in later today when we get to sync - some of these steps were failing in the beta-2 so I just removed them for now so we can get this up

```console
$ fuelup toolchain new beta-1-custom-toolchain
New toolchain initialized: beta-1-custom-toolchain
default toolchain set to 'beta-1-custom-toolchain'
$ fuelup component add forc@0.26.0
Adding component forc v0.26.0 to 'beta-1-custom-toolchain'
Fetching binary from https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/releases/download/v0.26.0/forc-binaries-darwin_arm64.tar.gz
Downloading component forc without verifying checksum
Unpacking and moving forc to /Users/camiinthisthang/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-custom-toolchain/bin
Unpacking and moving forc-deploy to /Users/camiinthisthang/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-custom-toolchain/bin
Unpacking and moving forc-run to /Users/camiinthisthang/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-custom-toolchain/bin
Unpacking and moving forc-explore to /Users/camiinthisthang/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-custom-toolchain/bin
Unpacking and moving forc-lsp to /Users/camiinthisthang/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-custom-toolchain/bin
Unpacking and moving forc-fmt to /Users/camiinthisthang/.fuelup/toolchains/beta-1-custom-toolchain/bin
Fetching core forc dependencies

> Installed forc v0.26.0 for toolchain 'beta-1-custom-toolchain'

Reviewer: Maybe we should only provide the commands not the outputs, but if you prefer with outputs we can change beta-2 equivalent of this as it does not have outputs
